ikki68 from wuquestudio (#10561)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/wuque/ikki68/readme.md

# ikki68

![ikki68](https://ikki68.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/cover-ikki68-coronation-2.jpg)
​
Hope this kit is the same as ikki, every rebirth will be stronger
More Info at[wuquestudio](https://shop.wuquestudio.com/).
​
* Keyboard Maintainer: [wuquestudio](https://shop.wuquestudio.com)
* Hardware Supported: ikki 68 Standard
* Hardware Availability: [wuquestudio](https://shop.wuquestudio.com/products/ikki68)
​

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> ​
>     make wuque/ikki68:default
>     make wuque/ikki68:via
> ​
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) 
> and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) 
> for more information. Brand new to QMK? 
> Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make wuque/ikki68:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make wuque/ikki68:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
